A stained soul cringes at the small details in the mirror of embarrassment.
You've done got your power, making everything's fine.
Giving yourself credit, certain about what's next.
I see you in your fancy hair Ain't no ego, never an ego, no ego center You're a man of position Go clean off that land
Aren't going to save me, well
Everything is homeless Working in your city Prisoner of misery
Yo, welcome to the Spice Passa.
And let's see how I'm pricey.
Yo, you remember O'Hara.
My boy, Sulu.
Hey, y'all.
What up, Spock?
Baby, no salsa on the leather.
Keep it on the chips.
Hard work.
Dope.
James T. Kirk, president of the council.
This boy love that leftover roast beef.
Spock, it's solid beef, baby.
He like it a little, you know, rotten.
And this here is my sanctuary.
See, this is where I chill, where I relax, where I chillax.
Scotty, beam on down, baby.
As always, Scotty, bringing the power.
Oh, yeah.
I did have some browser problems today.
I'm still not sure how the timing's gonna be, what's going on here.
My browsers don't open normally anymore.
So I know that something's going on.
I've been working pretty hard this morning to try and clean everything and work on figuring out what it is, but it's still not gone yet.
So I'm still cautiously moving forward.
Hopefully the timing and everything will, this will at least be okay.
I'm still getting text messages from my kids' school telling me to put more money on their food card that they never use.
And school ended two days ago.
It's so bizarre.
I don't understand the world we're living in, but it's definitely awful.
If you all have not seen the video from yesterday, it's on BitChute and on Rumble and other places, please seek it out.
Mark did a spectacular broadcast yesterday and it has been cleaned up.
It had to be removed from YouTube, but it has been cleaned up and you can find it and share it with everyone, so please do that.
Mark is getting punchier.
Mark is definitely getting punchier.
But you know, every once in a while, there's a little snooze-a-tronic moment.
I mean, you know, that's what happens.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
What an interesting statement.
We're looking for LARPers.
That's exactly what we are doing.
We are looking for people who are LARPing.
It's a good one.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
The End
you.
Good morning, everyone, from, uh, it's actually afternoon right now, six minutes afternoon, on Co-Weirdo, Weirdo, Weirdo, the sixth month of the sixth day, it's six minutes afternoon, and I didn't do it on purpose, that's strange.
Anyway, this is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief, brought to you by a biologist.
Today will be an interesting stream.
I do think it's possible we're gonna get a guest on the show today that has been around on the internet for a little while, I think, I guess.
An anonymous account on the internet may join us for a little discussion.
Not sure what we're gonna get out of it, but we're gonna try and stay focused as we usually do, because our consciousness is the prime real estate that these people are all competing for.
And they definitely want us to believe in mythologies.
They don't want us to ask these questions.
So I'm hoping that our anonymous guest will be able to explain some of these observations or some of these ideas and why they're so wrong.
that they and others have decided that the only way to combat this is to attribute bad motives to me.
And I guess they attribute bad motives to other people, too.
There are some mice out there that claim that the whole group of panda is just one big psy-op.
There are people that say that Nick Hudson in particular is a psy-op, and I know that Jiki
thinks that Nick Hudson is a psyop and is working very hard to convince everybody that he's a leader of an entire group of people that is a psyop.
And so it's an interesting place that we're in because I don't really see how we're going to get out of it until we come to agree on some understanding about what they're trying to fool us about.
And I think what they're trying to fool us about has to do with our history and how they're moving us forward, thinking that there are pandemics that we need to be protected from.
And I don't really think that's true.
I think that actually these charlatans have inherited power from their own mentors.
And we inherited these charlatans from our parents.
And so it's gonna take us a while to
really see how bad we have been deceived.
And I think that just like I was in 2020 and 2021, clinging to some of these things that I was sure I understood, I still think that there are a lot of people that really want us to cling to what we thought we understood.
And if we're going to break free of this mythology and at the same time make gentle the life of this world, there's a specific way out of it.
And it is to first acknowledge, I think, that they pretty much, the way that they created the pandemic, this artificial wave that you see here in this video, the way they created the pandemic was with a coordinated group of liars, people that agreed on a narrative and a mystery to solve and an argument to have and questions to ask.
And I am making the argument that
Wittingly and unwittingly, we have all been asking the wrong questions for an extraordinarily long time.
And if we want to teach our kids how to ask the right questions, I really think we need to stay focused on the biology that we can really understand and verify.
We need to not take the bait on social media, and we need to love our neighbors.
People who share this work are the reason why this works.
There's a few supporters out there, a few hundred people helping.
But in reality, that's not enough for somebody to rent a house in Pittsburgh and raise three kids.
And so we're doing other things to raise money.
We're doing other things, but we're never going to stop this stream.
This stream won't stop, even if we don't have any subscribers.
But my goodness, am I thankful for every one of you that has decided to
to support this work, it's really humbling.
Because, you know, there are people like a lot of anonymous accounts on Twitter that think that I'm just a guy who sits in the back of my garage and
uses drugs and rants into a camera and never has taught anything.
At least that's the impression that I get from the way that they tweet behind me.
I don't see a lot of it because I'm not actively participating.
I'm engaging in non-compliance.
I don't follow a lot of accounts and more importantly, I mute a lot of accounts because I don't think they have a lot to say.
I screwed all that up with trying to get one thing up and then somebody walked in and then... I can't inflate basketballs right now!
Good morning, everybody.
This is GigaOM Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by Biologists.
It's June 6, 2024.
I'm going to give a very, very brief introduction.
I am a human just like you.
I'm not anonymous on the internet.
I'm going to show up in person in South Dakota and give a presentation about what I think is happening here.
I've had my name on the internet since the very beginning.
That's why
There's a record of me being removed from the University of Pittsburgh website.
That's why there's a record of my work on PubMed.
And I stand by these things that I've been saying for the last few weeks.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA can't pandemic.
And I'm hoping that the anonymous person that we're having on today will be able to clarify what part of this faith is actually real and what part of this faith is something that the biosecurity state has led us to believe.
Because apparently,
Some of these bad ideas on the internet are actually still being spread by me, according to this person.
Now, I've shown you this picture a number of times.
I believe there are a lot of non-anonymous people who are playing this game where they're happy to talk about how bad the COVID shots are.
But they're less inclined to talk about what they were actually up to and what they were actually saying in 2020.
And once you go back to look at what these people were doing, you find out that they weren't doing very much.
They definitely were not saving anybody from what's happened to us.
This is because a very strict, limited spectrum of debate was curated by these people that I'm calling a loosely organized worst case scenario team.
And they included, I believe, a lot of anonymous accounts on Twitter and other places as well.
But Twitter is one of those places that has been plugged since the very beginning of the pandemic as the place where the mystery is gonna be solved.
And that's because the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses has been going on for decades.
And this is the finest hour of that manipulation.
I have been accusing very specific people of being put in place very early to be narrative curators, and a lot of these anonymous accounts just simply don't name any names and actually spend a lot more time on me than they do on people who are actually having an impact.
And that includes people like Kevin McKernan who I've been featuring over the last week because he was on so many interesting podcasts in 2020 with so many interesting things to say that I can hardly stop talking about it.
He was also promoted by CHD and in fact I think involved in
And the whole turmoil that ended up in CHD having me let go.
I've also called out Jessica Rose and Robert Malone as part of this same group of people.
And the first time I came into real close contact with Robert Malone was actually on this podcast with Bobby Kennedy Jr.
When I still thought that Bobby Kennedy was actually a really great guy and probably fighting for all these people.
And now I've come to understand that I don't think that's the case at all.
I think a lot of these people were put in place early and maybe even before the pandemic were misleading a lot of people to begin with.
And so we are in the depths of trying to get out of this to extricate our children from this illusion that has been created over many, many years by these people.
I've had a very personal experience with Brett Weinstein, such that I just find it laughable how he has risen, has some kind of pseudo-dissident when in reality he's definitely working for them.
And I've pointed out that there are people on Twitter that meddle in this way.
They attack me and they promote Brett Weinstein and these other people who were recently in Geneva telling us about the gain of function lab leak that was covered up.
And so I've been naming names because I think it's really important at this point to name names.
And I've been trying to summarize very well.
And the response has been pretty exclusively attributing bad
motives to the people who disagree with me.
Here's an example of just such a thing.
The guy that we're gonna have on right now has basically decided that the way to debate with me is to make a picture of me and put a crack pipe in my mouth and wants to remain anonymous.
So I thought, you know, why not?
Let's let the guy be anonymous then and come on and tell us his big story.
So I guess we're gonna get a critique of our biology.
This is canceled mouse, at least he,
He says he is.
Hello.
I don't know your name, but it's great.
Great that you're here.
So take it away.
I guess the floor is yours.
Tell us what's going on and what we've gotten wrong.
First of all, good afternoon to you, and my apologies to your audience.
I am French, and therefore I am heavily accentuated.
Tell me if I am unclear on something.
Secondly, you started introducing your show, explaining that we had been attacking you, and that having... How would I say that?
Being anonymous would be nefarious in intent.
So we have two things to discuss.
First of all, why you have been attacking us and why PANDAR indeed constitutes a psyops, being unable to address accurately various elements.
You started yourself to attack me by saying that I was anti-American because I was calling out Nick Hudson on his absolutely shitty analysis of the Pfizer trial, of which I am an expert.
So we have plenty to discuss why Nicholson doesn't attack efficiently the propaganda, or why we can be anonymous and deficient, or why Jiki has promoted your work for years until you started to attack mice.
Sorry, I don't really understand.
So you don't want to talk about biology at all?
At which stage did we mention biology when you accused me to be an American meddler on the Pfizer trial?
Oh, is that really the way we're going to go?
This is not about biology at all?
I think the meeting is already over.
If you can anonymously behave and say anything you want on the Internet and no one can attribute any... We can't talk to you about it.
We're not talking about the biology?
Really?
This is what you wasted all my time for?
To accuse me of... I haven't wasted much of your time, given that you have given absolutely no preparation to the meeting.
I offered you to prepare talking points, which you declined.
I didn't decline anything.
We said we were going to talk live.
You declined.
I offered you, everyone can find on Twitter, the proof that I'm telling... I can't follow all of the places that you tweet.
That's not possible.
You know how Twitter works.
Why not DM me?
I could not DM you before you DM me.
You know that perfectly.
You are a pure bad faith.
You are just demonstrating bad faith.
Everyone can read on Twitter that yesterday I told you that I couldn't DM you.
And so today you're here.
Today you're here and you're now accusing me of calling you anti-American.
I don't understand.
And so you can put a crack pipe in my mouth.
Yeah, go ahead, please.
Show me.
Can I share my screen?
Of course, please make an argument that's cogent.
I'm trying, really.
I would even like us to have a civilized conversation if you allow us.
Then why would you put a crack pipe in my mouth, sir?
Because you accused me to be anti-American.
Anti-American is not the same thing.
It's not the same thing.
The average mouse on this platform is working against America.
Is that attack on you?
Who are you quoting and who is the mouse under your tweet, please?
I would go so far as to say that the following anonymous accounts on this abomination of social media platforms is like offering your mind up for grabs.
I'm saying that all anonymous accounts are shit.
because a lot of them are meddlers.
Are you gonna honestly say that you don't think that there are anonymous accounts that are causing much more trouble than the anonymous accounts that are doing good?
Really?
Do you believe that?
I would agree with you on the fact that anonymous accounts are nefarious.
I'm not attacking you there then, am I?
Read English!
Next!
No, so you're not attacking me.
That's your position.
I'm attacking all anonymous accounts that are working against America, pulling themselves out.
Among all the anonymous accounts making nonsensical attacks, you chose to pick the video of a guy who is criticizing Nick Hudson on the prize of trial, subtitling, you can see, half true or false, every false statement of Nick Hudson in that video.
Play the video.
Can you play the video?
Yes, of course.
Hold on a second.
Just pause it for a second.
Yes.
You have to go up to the top of your screen and click on original sound for musicians and then it'll play better because right now it sounds a little bad and I don't want it to play.
I want everybody to be able to hear it so we get through it.
Can I send you the URL by DM and you can play it on your side?
Absolutely.
Sure.
That's great.
Oh, but no, it won't because I'm sorry, but my, my browsers are, you can, they can hear it.
You can play it.
It's fine.
Just go ahead and play it.
My browsers are not working.
It'll mess with our stream.
when it came to hospitalizations, when it came to severe disease incidents.
So perhaps can we already pause here because there have been already three false statements.
Nick Hudson is explaining that on every clinical endpoint, the vaccine arm in the prior trial performed worse than the placebo, including hospitalizations, severe disease and deaths.
Those three statements are false because his entire analysis of the clinical trial is false.
First of all, the vaccine arm in appearance, of course, performed far better than the placebo arm in terms of hospitalizations and cases.
Otherwise, the vaccine wouldn't have been authorized and promoted as a 95% efficacious product, which was, of course, entirely false.
So what do you want to discuss in that?
How, what are your disagreements with me on that?
So, um, play it again because I don't, it's very hard for me to understand exactly what you're debating with him there.
I don't get it.
The vaccine arm of the first two trials performed much worse than the placebo arm when it came to deaths.
when it came to hospitalizations, when it came to severe disease incidents.
And so what do you mean?
Are you saying that they didn't remove deaths from the... Precisely, I'm saying that they removed deaths, but in appearance, the data we have communicated via PHMPT and the studies which have been published absolutely don't show what Nicholson says.
His entire angle of attack is completely wrong.
Yeah, it could be.
I don't know.
I guess it's it's possible.
But this this for me is I mean, you got I guess we got to keep playing it because I still think you're here by false pretenses.
If you're saying that I was attacked.
Yes, you are giving me you haven't been interested in asking me to present myself.
You haven't been interested in having me exposing
But here's what it is.
Here's the problem that what you're doing with what I see you're doing is you're making it seem like I am attacking you in particular when I'm making a statement about all the mice in general.
And there are a lot of them.
now i've given you now i've given you now yes i am i'm attacking the mice i think geeky leaks is probably working against america and i think a lot of the other ones are as well this may be a bad tweet this may be i may have picked a bad video you may be right
He may be wrong about that stuff Nick.
I'm absolutely right.
He's absolutely wrong.
Okay, that's fine But let's talk about my biology and what I'm getting wrong because you put a crack pipe in my mouth.
That's you know, but that's you So no, no, no, no, don't you don't get to come off of coming and calling me running short and getting unhinged again two days ago That's not allowed.
You can't back that up because I called you an anti-american and now it looks like you were mistaken
I called a lot of people an anti-American, and now you need to explain why you get to put a crack pipe in my mouth, or this is over.
Because me calling you an anti-American in general, along with a lot of other accounts, is not worthy of putting a crack pipe in my mouth if you're not going to discuss my biology, the statements that I've made, and instead want me to argue for Nick Hudson, who could very well be a liar.
It's very possible he's not an American.
So you got me to say it and I'm fine with it.
I've said it to Nick before.
Believe it or not, we've actually had this conversation.
So you're not getting anywhere until you admit that you put a crack pipe in my mouth, criticizing the last four streams that I've done apparently.
And what are you critiquing?
If it's just this, the meeting is over.
Is it only this?
Is this all you brought?
Because then I'll just do a different show and I'll figure out whether he's wrong or right about this and I'll have Nick come on and explain it.
But if this is all you've got, then you have brought yourself here to try and accomplish something you can't accomplish because there are only a few things that you need to address.
The first one is, explain to me why it is that you get to put a crack pipe in my mouth because I said that you and a lot of other people won't admit that they murdered people and then called it a gain-of-function virus.
Because that's what my tweet is underneath your crack pipe.
So what are you talking about?
You don't think they murdered people and lied about it and called it a lab leak?
Because that's what you're distorting here.
I think you're failing miserably at accomplishing what you thought you could accomplish.
Because this tweet is weak, and Nick Hudson may be a liar, but you're a liar if you don't want to talk about my biology.
You put a crack pipe in my mouth.
Come back.
I'm ready.
I'm waiting for some comment about what we're getting wrong on GigaOM Biological.
I'm sure it's difficult with your French background.
I'm sure it's really hard.
Oh, come on.
I'll give you five more minutes.
Just go ahead and tell me why it is you put a crack pipe in my mouth.
I don't need five minutes.
I think that we should both let an occasion to the other to place a sentence if we want to have a dialogue.
Second, I'm showing here because I don't think that you're completely corrupt.
I think that you may have been misguided in a few ways.
Third, we have been speaking about... I'm waiting.
Say something.
Something concrete.
I've been misguided.
How?
I have already established that you had attacked me before I attacked you.
If you want to have a conversation, we can.
If you want to attack me, you will find a worthy opponent.
I can guarantee you.
Second, I already established that my attack against Hudson was fine, and you recognize that he may be a liar.
Okay.
So now what?
Third, you have explained that you haven't been paying a lot of attention to Twitter before to put a crack pipe in your mouth, for which I apologize.
Oh, now you're going to apologize.
Great.
This meeting's over, dude.
You're a fake and you need to write something up.
I am certain that everyone who listens to that knows who is a fake here.
Goodbye.
Oh, there he goes.
He's hanging up.
There he goes.
He's going to leave.
Leave.
Bye.
Really?
You're a knowledge retard.
We can't have a conversation with you because you don't want to have a conversation.
You want to have an accusation, you want to bring the debate on your field of expertise, while we have already demonstrated that you made an unhedged act against us.
You are really, you are really a wonderful liar, though.
It's really your skill.
Oh, I'm really, I'm really telling the truth.
As you passed in the introduction of the ridiculous Tucker Carlson, people can easily say who is telling the truth.
I am very confident that no one in the audience is thinking that you are seriously trying to have a debate here.
What debate are we having?
You're trying to say that a single tweet is something that gets a crack pipe in my mouth.
No, I'm trying to say that for over a year now, you have been attacking every of your former friends in the show, and that everyone who has supported you, including myself.
Who are you talking about?
You're not making any accusations.
Just everybody?
We could speak about Charles Rixely or Kevin McCann, who have both offered you to debate several times and which you declined.
Really?
Are those the ones that you believe?
Oh, we can speak about myself.
I supported you.
When?
When you were banned, I was the first to denounce your ban on Twitter.
Oh, well, guess what?
I wasn't paying attention to anonymous accounts, so I didn't pay attention to you.
And to provide an entire backup of your tweets on an alternate platform.
And so then now why?
Are you really ashamed that you did it?
I contacted you by email in 2022 to offer you help.
uh in every uh data or technical and so you think i should have i should have i should have taken an anonymous account and said oh yes please help me give me money from france that sounds good plenty of people did i work with a lot of phds who accepted my help and were delighted to have done so
Are you saying that they are all dumb?
Are you the only possessor of a... I don't understand the argument you're making.
I think you... The argument I'm making is that we work seriously while you do clone shows, and that the Panda, indeed, is an anti-op psyops.
I can explain why.
Who?
Panda.
Panda, your friends weren't your friends because they attacked you.
I don't know who are you saying.
Who is a psyop what?
Who is he talking about?
Can you tell me what he's saying?
Panda?
Yes, Panda.
So Panda is a group of a lot of people.
There are lots of groups like that that are infiltrated.
CHD is one of them.
ICANN is one of them.
The International COVID Summits are one of them.
All of these groups are infiltrated.
I'm not surprised.
I agree with that.
Even the mice.
And so now again, we come back to you making this all about yourself getting attacked when you knew all along that I was attacking all the mice that you already admitted twice now are infiltrated with a lot more bad people than good.
Of all the mice, you chose me, attacking Nicholson.
I chose random because I tweet very little and I tweet just to annoy.
You chose absolutely not random.
No, you're making it about yourself again.
I don't know who you are.
You never gave me your name in two years.
I don't know who any of these people are.
That's the point.
You haven't put anything on the line because your name has never been out there.
My name's been out there in the newspapers.
People know where I live.
They come to my house.
You've risked nothing and you put a crack pipe in my mouth.
In your opinion, is the fact that I didn't took risk stupidly to achieve nothing, the fact that... Oh, so we've taken risk stupidly to achieve nothing.
That's your estimation of what I've done.
I've taken risk to achieve nothing.
No, absolutely not.
That's not what I have said.
You are trying to misrepresent what I have said.
I am saying that my position, being public, would just be a stupid risk, achieving nothing, because it would bring no pertinent credential to the element, because I have never been focused on credentials in life, and that I don't need it to be efficient.
This is not going anywhere.
I don't understand what you want to accomplish.
What do you want to accomplish here?
I'm trying to have a conversation with you.
About what?
What are you going to enlighten us on?
Do you have a message or not?
I offered you several angles on what you said yourself.
You say you're just a human.
Do you have a message or not?
Because my viewers like to have information, so I'm giving you the opportunity to be very clear.
I already passed very clearly my message.
I said that I was considering that most of the panda leaders were upside ups.
Indeed, there are good people inside, thankfully.
and that for the rest you had been attacking mice without basis, stealing topics on which we had worked years before you, and... That's ridiculous!
That's ridiculous!
Years before you, it's... I'm sorry, we're not gonna... You just said you didn't...
You just said you didn't want to do credentials.
Now you're saying who was in front of who.
I've already admitted that I didn't know what was going on in 21.
I was lost in these people.
You said, but absolutely no one knows me.
I know probably more leaders of the anti-vaxx movement than you.
Okay, you know more of the leaders.
Drop more names, telephone numbers.
I don't understand what your message is.
If you don't have a message, like in a few minutes, I'm not going to waste any more time.
My first message would be that Pfizer can be attacked efficiently and that Sashirer, Tipova and Nikketson are full of shit.
I can explain why if you let me.
And my second message is that if you want to have a real conversation on our analysis, I think that you will find that we agree on most topics, as Jiki has been supporting you for years.
And so then it makes sense for you to put a crack pipe in my mouth, right?
Because if we agree on most things, again, you keep coming back to, I attacked you, but it just seems like you can't read English.
That's all.
I'm sorry, man, but it's not making sense to me.
It's not making sense to me.
It's really not.
I think you're kind of, I think you're lying.
I don't know.
But why don't you tell me, for example, the message you just said is very attractive to me.
Tell me why Sasha Latupov is wrong and why Pfizer can be attacked.
I've already said they're going to throw Pfizer under the bus three years ago.
Why not attack Moderna?
Can I formulate a full sentence?
First, I agree with you, why not attack Moderna?
The reason is that we don't have a Moderna data because Pfizer has been fed to us to keep us busy.
Second, why is Sacha Tipova is full of shit?
It's because she has been made rich by Pfizer themselves.
you can check that her husband is Michael Toterman.
You're not going to actually claim that you brought that up before Mark Kulak or anybody else did, are you?
Absolutely not.
I have credited Mark for the Toterman information.
On the other hand, we digged far deeper in the past links of her daughter.
I mean, you've seen that Sasha Latapova is all over the internet telling everybody that I'm an idiot, right?
But you and I agree on most things.
But you and I agree on most things, but you haven't noticed that, I guess, huh?
That's interesting.
Indeed, you haven't been paying attention, as we said.
So you can attack me and not answer my replies afterwards, but I can't put a crack pipe in your mouth for doing that.
OK, that's noticed.
And second, I can't attack Nick Hudson on my domain of expertise because he is holy and sacred.
Is that your point?
You're arguing about what Pfizer reported.
So I don't even know why we're running in that hamster wheel.
You think Pfizer reported the truth?
Because we could, for example, have an interesting conversation to establish that Pfizer tested its product on people.
And as long as we do that, as long as we have that very interesting conversation, we're not saying that they murdered people and lied about it.
And that's what the goal of all these mice is.
We could also say how and when they murdered people and lied about it if we were trying to have a conversation and why it connects to Pfizer.
But that's why...
That's what I said when you put a crack pipe in my mouth.
I tweeted that.
I said that the mice won't talk about them murdering and calling it a gain-of-function.
The mice won't talk about it and you put a crack pipe in my mouth.
Sorry, that's what you did.
That's what you did.
So it looks awful lot like to everybody on the internet that the mice think that Jay smokes crack because he thinks gain-of-function is a mythology.
Do you see what you did?
You are so disingenuous, it makes me kind of ill.
We were the first to discuss the Yatros genocide, so your point is mute.
You are coming in a...
I'm sorry, I can't do it anymore.
This is the person that I'm supposed to talk to.
As someone found Crackpot's weed, he's running short again and getting unhinged.
And what I had tweeted was, they murdered people and pretended it was a gain-of-function virus and none of these mice will say it.
And he won't say it now.
He wants me to have an argument about whether Nick Hudson is a liar.
And he wants me to have an argument about whether Pfizer should be taken down and how to do it and whether Sasha Latupova is right or not.
And as long as we talk about that, we're not calling all of these people liars.
Instead, we're doing something dumb.
We're doing something really dumb.
Like we're allowing these people.
Oh, what is going on here?
Give me my, everything is hacked.
I don't know if it's working or not, but everything is not really functioning well with my computer right now.
And I don't know what else to do about it.
Maybe PowerPoint needs to be killed or something like that.
I'm gonna end the show right now and I'm gonna, maybe I will,
Maybe I will do something later to replace this after.
Yeah, I'm gonna reboot and then I'm gonna go ahead and do the stream that I was gonna do.
It's called Levitt Unfolding and then we'll do that in a minute.
So I'm gonna reboot and see what we get.
Thanks guys.
You still hear me?
Was it synced?
I mean, is that still synced?
I'm just actually shocked that this is the way it is.
I'm just really shocked that that's where we are.
I love you guys all very much.
I'll be back in a few minutes.